hi I want to show you how to quickly
make some really fun favor boxes for
Easter we thought they would be great
for little Easter egg hunt hide them in
there with the eggs and put them in the
Easter baskets tons of things that you
can do with them so when you buy these
from house of 3.com what you'll do is
get templates that look like this
there's two medium-sized on this
printout three small sized boxes on this
one and a larger one on this size now
keep in mind that you can always choose
what percentage you wanted to print out
if you want to vary the sizes of even
these templates a little bit once you
print it out onto white cardstock and
cut it out it's going to look something
like this now in order to get the little
pillbox to fold up how you want it
you're going to also have to score it so
notice all these dotted lines that are
on your print out the dotted line means
scoring so you're going to take your
ruler boom score using a scoring tool
I'm just using a little rub on tool you
can use a bone folder whatever will work
for scoring something that has a blunt
edge you're going to run that along your
ruler go back and forth a couple times
so that you get a nice score and also
along this edge then these curved points
are a little bit trickier because you
can't use your ruler what you're going
to do is just lose your rub on tool very
carefully and slowly and using
significant pressure go ahead and just
press right along that dotted line all
the way off to the end of your paper and
go over it a couple times so that you
can get a nice crisp fold you're going
to do that on all four edges of your
pillow box then you'll notice on this
side of the pillow box that you have a
solid line solid line dot the solid
lines are actually for cutting in this
case we want to be able to put the tabs
in through the cut lines so you're just
going to take an exacto knife and cut
out those solid lines right there now
you're good to go the scoring will make
it really easy to fold you
want to use some kind of a bone folder
in order to get really nice crisp lines
even your little tabs you want them to
be nice and crisp then when you fold
over the ends kind of cup you're the
face of your pillow box as you fold that
top down so you can kind of pinch it to
get a nice crisp fold line there you're
going to do that on all four sides all
right if you want to do something fun
all you have to do is add some
embellishments here I've cut a little
hole or you could pierce the whole add
some Hydra SWAT flowers and a bling
jewelry ad and then when you fill them
with candy you fill them with no sort of
gift cards or whatever you fill them
with they will be beautiful look
stunning in any basket or as a
centerpiece here I've added more flowers
even just a simple ribbon made this
little guy totally coughed and the felt
butterfly is so cute so whimsical just
perfect with the little yellow thread I
saw those with my sewing machine and
this one when i got those felt flowers
on just add a couple buttons so really
the possibilities are limitless so have
fun and enjoy happy happy easter